Introduction
What is AWS DynamoDB?
Definition
DynamoDB is a fast and flexible NoSQL database designed for applications that need consistent, 
single-digit millisecond latency at any scale.it is a fully managed database and it supports both
 document and key value data models.

It has a very flexible data model. This means that you don't need to define your database schema 
upfront. It also has reliable performance.

DynamoDB is a good fit for mobile gaming, ad-tech, IoT and many other applications.


DynamoDB Tables
DynamoDB tables consist of:

Items (Think of a row of data in a table).

Attributes ((Think of a column of data in a table).

Supports key-value and document data structures.

Key= the name of the data.  Value= the data itself.

Document can be written in JSON, HTML or XML.

DynamoDB - Primary Keys
DynamoDB stores and retrieves data based on a Primary key

DynamoDB also uses Partition keys to determine the physical location data is stored.

If you are using a partition key as your Primary key, then no items will have the same Partition key.

Composite Keys (Partition Key + Sort Key) can be used in Combination.

Two items may have the same partition key, but must have a different sort key.

All items with the same partition key are stored together and then sorted according to the sort key value.

DynamoDB allows you to store multiple items with the same partition keys.

NoSQL Workbench
 NoSQL is basically a Non-Relational Database, with a lot of other advantages too.

NoSQL Workbench is a virtual development as well as a testing environment for developers across the globe.

It allows the users to test their data models over a large number of aspects of functionality and also 
allows them to develop their software, right from the scratch with ease.

In simple terms, the NoSQL Workbench is an IDE platform that includes data modeling, data visualization,
 and operation building.

Data Modeling: Workbench enables users with a facility to build new data models right from scratch or by
 using existing data models.

Data Visualization: As the name suggests, it provides the graphical representation of information and data..

Operation Building: Workbench is a strong and reliable platform for building applications and also has 
a great graphical user interface which eventually makes the communication between the database and the
 user easier. 